This file provides instructions for compiling and running your project
code. The compilation of the project will be done using OCaml suite of
tools (including ocaml, ocamlc, ocamllex, and ocamlyacc).

Note: We have tested this project infrastructure code only on OCaml
versions 4.0 or higher. We recommend using OCaml version-4.0.

Instructions:

(1) We recommend using a version control system such as svn, git or
cvs to maintain your source code.

(2) Check your OCaml version

Type ocaml at your prompt and you should see something similar to what is shown below.

bash-3.2$ ocaml
          OCaml version 4.0.3

# 

Your compiler will (eventually) output assembly code that we will
process using gcc compiler.

(3) Compiling your assignments

To compile your projects, use the ocamlbuild tool. The ocamlbuild can
generate bytecode (for use in the interactive toplevel) or native code
(for better performance).

Go to the directory containing the project source and run the
following command:

$ ocamlbuild main.native main.byte


(4) Running your assignments and testing them

After compiling your assignment, you can run it from the command line
by executing either the native or bytecode version.

The assignments in this course are designed to have a single,
top-level entry point in the file main.ml. When compiled by
ocamlbuild, the resulting executables are main.native and main.byte

The project also has a test harness that can be used with a variety of
switches and command-line arguments. You can always check which
command-line switches are available by using the -help or --help
flags. Project2  supports only one interesting command-line option
--test.

$./main.native -help
Fall 2016 CS 515 main test harness 

  --test run the test suite, ignoring other inputs
  -help  Display this list of options
  --help  Display this list of options

All assignments in this course will support the --test option, which
will simplfy run the project's unit tests, print a summary of the
results and then exit. It will give output something like below to
indicate how much of the project you have completed.

